In this lesson, we explored the limitations and
best practices when embedding data in blockchain transactions.
To recap, you learned the data structure of blocks and transactions.
You became familiar with the purpose of Bitcoin scripts and OP codes,
which are commonly used in the inputs and outputs of a transaction.
Then, you got the chance to dive into a real life raw transaction.
Lastly, we discussed the limitations and
best practices of embedding data in blockchain transactions.
Now, that wraps it up for the new topics in this lesson.
In the next lesson, you'll bring together all that you've learned about
blockchain data models to create
a simple block chain all from scratch with your instructor.
This hands-on practice will help you with the project that's associated with
this course where you'll create your very own private blockchain.
You'll build a blockchain focusing on the collection of
data and stringing together blocks via their hashes.
This will be a low-complexity blockchain
that doesn't implement any formal consensus just yet.
However, your blockchain will be able to create new blocks,
store data within the blocks,
and perform transactions, and secure the blocks with a digital signature.
Now, with so much to do let's get started.